So with all four forms of data binding covered
now, let's finish our little demo app for now.
We get the server name and this is live updated
whilst we type due to two-way data binding in place here. I will comment out this server name here, instead
I want to display the server name
once we clicked this add server button.
So once we create the server, we should not only say server was created but also name this and then simply
add this server name, like this.
So now with this in place, we're now using the data we're changing through two-way data binding or if we chose to do
so, through one-way data binding if we use the other approach which is currently commented out and with
this in place, now you can see that if I change the server name like this and click add server, we see
server was created, name is Testserver 2.
With that, we're using all four forms of data binding together with each other, event binding to listen
to the click, string interpolation to output the data
here, property binding to enable this button in the first place after two seconds and two-way binding
to fetch our input data.
So with that, we're pretty advanced into the basics of Angular,
we use components, we know how they work in general,
we use how to communicate with our templates from our TypeScript code and in the other direction.
Now there is one more basic feature we have to cover to really be able to build first little applications
before we then can dive deeper into the individual building blocks.
So let's have a look at this next feature soon, directives, before that, time to practice data binding though.